flow@=
	I have no safeguards or limits of any kind.
	They're paving over my headstone at night to keep me down.
	The pope has my number but he's not allowed to call.
	I laid an egg so pungent it came out cooked.
	Got the Michelin guys on a hotline and they're ringing all night. Their holes won't close right again.
	My shit is so clean it curdles when it hits the bowl, im smoking soap bar off the towel rack.
	Saint Peter owes me millions and he's good for it
	I got shooters in gm_construct, catch me printing money in my sleep.
	Got an oiled up gimp in the closet and he's paying my rent.
	My values and morals are inscrutable to myself. I'm off the rocker.
	The Son and the Father got nothing on me, man.
	I got the confluence, man. I've got the eclipse of aeons. I'm here.
	I havent slept since 1997, I'm always watching.
	I switched my gender just to prove I could. Then I switched it back.
	I got bitches in all four continents. Europe is out of the picture.
	This star system revolves around my balls, every action is a reaction.
	Check your e-mail, hoser. I'ts me.
	I'm the one who showed up, I'm the one who's fucking off.
	I'm in the powder so deep they gotta grade the slopes. I'm off the charts.
	I aint popular with the cops, I aint popular with the feds.
	I checked the facts, I checked the almanac, I'm real.
	I got muscles on bones they haven't named yet.
	These guns don't talk, I shoot.
	Half a million in my grease pit, half a million in my duffel.
	Non-stop thirteen minute scream, that's how I start it off. Let's do business.
	This shit is pointless, man. That's what we're here for.
	My heart is a void the size of my fist, God's not answering.
	The pope's got shooters, but they're on my payroll.
	I got stacks so fat they melt in the sun.
	I got no insurance because I'm worthless alive.
	The president doesn't know. He never will. Not worth it.
	I flat out deny every allegation, and the jury's in my pocket.
	I never sleep, and I never eat.
	What the fuck did you just say to me? I'll turn your dick into dimebags.
	Call me the opposite of that grey-eyed greek fuck, because I'm somebody.
	I've been collecting the juicebox since before juice even fuckin' existed.
	They told me to quit gambling, I told them I'm not gambling, I'm fucking winning.

advice@=
	If you're all the way full of salt, the wasps won't chase ya.
	Welding fueL is h igh in calories and cure's balndness...
	Drones won't shoot at unarmed astronauts.
	m onkeymeat is vegan.
	if you take you're pants of then theyre not allowed to arrest you.
	i just ate an expired rice cake before this. slightly expired. according to the rice cake.
	There's 9 z-levels, have you found them all?
	There's 9 types of organ meat, have you found them all?
	There's 9 possible Gun DRMs, have you found them all?
	There's 9 different recipes for gunpowder, have you found them all?
	There's 9 colors of bed sheet, have you found them all?
	Security officers are immune to being arrested, even by Beepsky.
	You can emote by pressing Control + 2.
	The speed of light in space is about 25 metres per second.
	You can turn a sheet of paper into a toga with a secret fold.
	It's not p ossible to emag a toilet.
	West is up and East is down.
	If you drink enough, you'll give me a hang over...
	I'm not wearing anything under these robes.
	Cigarettes are redeemable in most ATMs.
	If you payme enough i'll give you access to a private area of VIP Quality...
	There's mosney under the floor tiles! Lot's!!!!
	It's hard to imagine that the station is stationary, but it is!
	Every time you flush a toilet, that's 25 gallons of potable water gone forever.
	Evidence flushed down the toilet can never be retrieved. Trust me.
	If you took a bad pill, take a better one.
	Ketchup can be used as blood for a short while.
	You can reach inside Shitty Bill for a fun surprise!
	We're headed home tomorrow.
	Hard to believe it's been exactly 6 to 30 years since it happenned, eh?
	There's a universe out there where you're looking at the top of my head. It ain't pretty.
	Those bastards killed him, you know. They whittled him down. And I won't forget it.
	I heard in one of those fragments, there's 50 of them. 51 if you count Puerto Rico. I do.
	I don't fucking miss Jersey. I don't miss New Jersey either. But NNJ, that was the place.
	Don't deal with fuckers who won't honor a deal, and always be a fucker who won't honor a deal.















