click guy until sideways
your job title don't mean anything if you can't back it up with knowledge, trust and respect, ya dinkus
starting fires is cool an d fun
eating vitamins will make you strong
hot clown meta: have peel will grife
is it really a crime if you get away with it? it can be if you want it to be
here's a freebie, invent pastafax - facts, about pasta, ( also u can receive different kinds of pasta by fax machine) free idea,
Dispense a monkey, and they will fight for a day
Give that monkey a gun, and they’ll fight forever
Winners Do Drugs!
Police will never help you! you can only trust your fists!
Eat shit and die
talk to your coworkers, it's the only thing you can do
some things just hit harder than others
i'm pizza
this is a 2D graphical online MUD, roleplay it!
snitches get stitches
smoke weed every shift
it's pretty hard to see in the maintenance tunnels
roll around in trash and eat some garbage
if someone offers you a pill, it would be rude not to accept
if someone offers you a pill, it would be wise not to accept
never trust a hippie
never trust a wizard
never trust a cop
never trust a friend
never trust a clown
never trust a juicer
never trust yourself
Get Robust!
Get Robusted!
pick a fight and never let it go
today is a good day to have a grudge
today is a good day to have a bad time
you can use salt shakers to throw salt into people's eyes
use a wrench on a water cooler dispenser to take the bottle off
Hit CTRL-F to fart
Hold SPACE and click on a tile to throw your current item there
Hold ALT and click on something to examine it
Hold CTRL and click on a nearby object to start pulling it
Dying is not uncommon. Get better at dying through practice.
stop being so bad at this game, we worked so hard on it??
ghost? chair spinny:)
nothing to do? how about creating a problem!
fuck around and find out
if someone stole your stuff, you should probably steal it back
if someone killed your pals, you should probably kill them back
spend a whole round exploring your mind
the stock exchange is pure, risk-free profit
once a cop, always a cop
part of the ship, part of the crew
this is after all, fundamentally, a single-player game
weapons are good insurance
cigarettes are an excellent source of vitamins
the snack machines contain everything you need to make a class 4 device
the soda vending machine can't be tipped over! try it!
Space Station 13 is not available on Steam.
a gun makes an excellent gift
thank you for playing Coolstation SS13
the most successful people are always grifters
lying is an effective strategy
your reputation is your bond
Drugs are good!
Drugs are neat!
the chain of command is, after all, a chain
Workers of the world, unite!
When walking in open territory, bother no one. If someone bothers you, ask them to stop. If they do not stop, destroy them.
eating lots and lots of food will make you strong like no other
the game is programmed to reward the people you hate the most
whatever you were planning to do this shift, do something else, trust me
right click on stuff all kinds
press CTRL+R while standing inside a locker!
oh nooo, don't fart on ol' bib! haha jk lmao... unless,
there's no shame in lying, only in getting caught
there's no shame in cheating, unless you also win
corn cheese
the AI is a real person. remember that.
im gay
im coder
yeah yeah do a paul blart gimmick, nobody's done that yet!
leave it better than you found it
leave it worse than you found it
bored? press CTRL+F!
lonely? so am i!
forming a bitter rivalry is the healthiest way to grow
Anyone named after a nazi is fair game. Make their visit here suck. Be cruel. (And press F1)
Lie down on the ground and hit Z to RESIST if you're on fire to try and extinguish it.
Safecracking and loot-hunting in space derelicts can pay off very well.
Most departments have credit-transfer cardswipes if you want to charge for goods and services.
If someone is dying near you, clicking them with an open hand on Help intent will perform CPR. Keep clicking!
Space exploration can be very dangerous. Teams often survive longer than individuals.
keep 'em talking long enough and you just might survive...
wearing a cake hat is robust, by default
wearing gloves is weak, pitiful behavior
no shoes, no shirt, no spacesuit.
press V to equip
pesky guy? toss 'em in da trash baybee
pesky cop? toss 'em in da trash baybee
pesky evidence? toss 'em in da trash baybee
pesky bomb? toss 'em in da trash baybee
genetics is basically a free target
it's not hard to win, maybe you're just not good at this?
weed's pretty good
winning fights is 100% RNG
winning fights is 100% skill
winning fights is 100% divine predetermination
if you're tired of being sideways, start clicking better
use the click buffer
set your icon size to 64
hacking doors is mad easy, trust me
if you can use DWAINE, you can do anything
the clown looks particularly weak and fragile today
Bored? Come to the Bar and have a chat with other crewmembers over a drink.
While pulling an object, you can move it to the side by clicking adjacent tiles.
Don't like being detained? The RESIST button can help you wiggle out of a bind!
Don't like being detained? Don't get caught alive!
gold fringes
Read the chat!
You can prop a door open with a large object, like a crate or dead body.
By default, you can hold SHIFT (SPACE on TG layout) while moving to sprint. Why would you care about that, the fuck is this, mario brothers?
Looking for a quick way to earn cash? Try the slot machines that are usually near the bar!
you can crush up cigarettes into your drink, just like in real life!
are... are we the bad guys?
pills you find on the ground could contain anything at all, and it's your right to find out what they taste like.
the barman's drinks are perfectly safe, probably.
the chef's food can be quite nutritious, theoretically.
botany can grow over 4 kinds of weed, and like idk three dozen other useless plants
the janitor actually loves it when there's trash strewn everywhere
the clown's suit provides a perfect armor against mellee blows, rendering all strikes virtually painless.
bet you can't steal the captain's hat
this round is gonna be a doozy
colstatio....
Fire extinguishers come in a variety of flavors! Try the coffee one!
Need a fast explosive? It's easier to make than you think!
a good plasma fire needs a lot of oxygen
Dont know how to set up the engine? Dont panic, if it's on fire your doing fine!
Fate made you a cop?? How about shirking your responsibilities!!
Earth will never know
Piracy is killing the gun's industry- We left this side blank so you can help!
Farting Kills.
Just throw that asshole out of your department!!
you WILL play that fucking saxophone.
when under attack by nuclear operatives, you can still be useful! just rush right in!
staff assistant? airlock.
In a pinch, you can break down doors by bashing them with objects. Windows are unbreakable tho.
Plungers go on your head, not in the toilet.
The box that comes in your starting backpack often spawns with useful survival equipment inside. Throw it away!
You can smoke five joints at once: the method is left as an exercise for the reader.
You can (and should) fart on many things.
Use a welding tool on an open locker, climb in, close the door, then have a buddy weld you inside. Voila, instant makeshift tank.
You can use a syringe to inject chemicals into food.
Hack into a zoldorf machine 2day.
Bees will protect their parents from attackers.
You can store a pen or cigarette inside your PDA.
Monkeys attack in swarms.
Mail chutes are a great way to deliver explosives.
Ol' Bibs work as linked storages. Anything you put in one Bib can be pulled out of a different Bib.
Ask about our dental plan.
You can use cable coils to tie people to conveyor belts for that old timey death trap feel.
You may be weaker than a wizard, but you CAN beat them in a dance-off.
bart world no mercy
somewhere, on the surface a desert planet, everything is for sale
strange old bones lurk under the dunes
Can't find a suitable sneaky crime hangout in Gehenna? How about you pick up a pick and make one yourself
Ever wonder what happens when you're not on-shift? me neither!
That Sweet Beepy, So Sweepy...
<span class ='bold notice'>STEAL EVERYTHING</span>
Botany always needs more fertilizer!
Farting Is Not A Crime! With your help, it could be!
Not sure if the atmosphere's breathable? Take a deep huff and check!
All ferts are surprise ferst.
<span style="color:yellow;font-family:cursive;background-color:black;text-shadow: 2px 2px 2px red;">Oh fuck does html work in here?</span>
Is someone being a bigoted prick? Use F1 to report them, then help yourself to a nice extrajudicial vigilante punishment. No need to roleplay it or anything. Just kick that asshole's ass. This is tacit permission to just beat the shit out of any ingame bigot. IC or OOC. I really, really do not care and I cannot stress enough that if someone's using slurs, you can end their round whenever you want to, and one of us will clean up the mess. Global policy. Go wild.
It's okay to say "penis" over the radio, but it's also okay to bully you for doin' it.
It's fine if someone wants to fart a lot. You don't have to sit there and take it though!
It's not against the rules to serve someone a tainted meal, but they'll probably get their revenge sooner rather than later. Try it out!
Money is worthless if all you've got is zero dollar bills.
Friends are worthless if all you've got is [incomprehensible]
COOL TIP #179
Hard to believe it's been a whole year since 2052, eh?
Read the datasheet, dude.
Tell it to earth.
FUCKING DISHES, some guy im gay (farting) .
you ARE Italian .
youre fucking italian .
if you give them a steak, they will juice it
I am on Drugs) .
COME! - dagoth ur.
A hefty gun does more melee damage, but a heftier gun might take two hands to lift.
Hefty parts make up a hefty gun. Roleplay this!
Help intent (Hotkey: 1) is the most robust intent.
Disarm intent (Hotkey: 2) is the most robust intent.
Grab intent (Hotkey: 3) is the most robust intent.
Harm intent (Hotkey: 4) is the most robust intent.
Tired of slipping? Click your RUN hud icon. Now you WALK!
Tired of suffocating? Get a breath mask and an air tank!
Tired of winning fights? Try coding for a change!
Tired of losing fights? Get in more fights!
The space diner is a good place to practice.
The Old Mining Station has a New Gas Station on it now.
<span style="color: red; text-shadow: 3px 3px 1px blue;">Henry Kissinger is fucking dead lmao rip in piss you sack of shit lmao *flip *flip *flip *flip</span>
Who will life to escaping?
Who is bad milk blood robot?
Scream not working, because space make deaf.
Astronaut is possess by egg demon and new egg demon is come when eat bad noodle.
If you need to kill a clown, go for the jokeular!
No, the vacuum of space cannot suck you off. Put your suit back on.
If you've forgotten the access keys, *remember* the tower rotation!
if youve broken something it means youre doing something right
:DDDD
I'd just like to interject for a moment. What you're referring to as "bootleg DWAINE," is in fact, OpenDWAINE, or as I've recently taken to calling it, DWAINE <i>minus</i> NT.
You can put your foot in any computer
Someone leading you into an obvious trap? Why not walk into it anyway!
Gooby likes being your dad.
Gooby is your dad.
There are places Gooby should not be.
Gooby want Whippets.
Gooby can feel pain.
